# Old RoadMap

Keep record of achievements.

## Exportfiles:
- [x] Force exportfile creation option: avoid creating an exportfile if not needed
-  Handle the case where a second experiment with the same condition is started.
  - Remove the ForceOverWrite option
  - Detect if condition has already an exportfile
  - Propose to user 3 options: Keep, Replace, Stack
- [x] Handle case where you want to Merge data from Ace and from Mira --> Error message saying this is not possible and old file is kept.

## Model:
#### EM:
- [x] Take into account that several conditions can be present in one exportfile.
- [x] Handle case where 2 experiments with same conditions have been started.
- [x] Change ReadDataAce to take care of conditions present in different files. First read all the data and store them in dataframe. Then list all conditions (levels) and for each conditions calculate probabilities. Store this in the ExpDataTable. ReadDataAce needs to work with a list of file to load.
- [x] Change StackData function to use rbind
- [x] Depreciated StackData function as this is done by rbind?
- [x] Store the model param and fit result in a file.
- [x] Store all the data in the same file?
- [x] Create a function to display the data without modelizing (avoid error when only 1 or 2 conditions are available)
- [x] Replace above function by the use of "try" function.
- [x] Adapt BlackAnalysis to detect if several structures have been mixed and plot all the chart accordingly
- [canceled] adapt ViewData to detect if TDDB or EM data are given.
- [x] Handle case where W, H and S are not available for the modelization (i.e. file not found).
- [x] Modify ReadDataAce to remove the scale parameter. Should be fixed to Lognormal for Electromigration.
- [x] Modify CreateDataFrame to store dimension of the device. Preparation for TDDB where Area is needed.
- [x] Rethink BlackAnalysis to use the DeviceID stored in the exportfile and not the one from the title. --> File is generated by script and title is supposed to be accurate.
- [x] Divide Modelization in sub function. One for Modelizing and one for calculating lifetime.  

#### TDDB:
- [x] Start development for TDDB
- [x] Condition values for TDDB experiments: Voltage/temp. If several area are mixed, add area at the end. (create dataframe, search levels dimension. If lenght(levels)>1, paste old name+area)
- [x] TDDB is Negative if breakdown too fast. Take care of this.
- [x] Apply fix for EM and non ordered factors to TDDB chart (sort the condition list).

#### Common:
- [x] Error function is not providing full error bands --> Weibull scale was not implemented correctly
- [x] When modelization is not possible, use fitdistr to return parameters of the distro and to generate a model.
- [x] Handle file selection with a GUI.
- [x] SelectFiles should set the wd to the folder where files are selected and return the list of file to study.
- [x] Fix situation where some unfinished units have a lower TTF than finished ones. (typical in EM exp) --> See J.G. Stotvig report.


## Chart:

## Documentation:
- [x] Use of roxygen to generate the doc.
